Tracking doc overhaul (#10471)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/tracking/server.rst

Start the Tracking Server
=========================

Starting the tracking server is as simple as running the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    mlflow server --host 127.0.0.1 --port 8080

Once the server starts runing, you should see the following output:

.. code-block::

  [2023-11-01 10:28:12 +0900] [28550] [INFO] Starting gunicorn 20.1.0
  [2023-11-01 10:28:12 +0900] [28550] [INFO] Listening at: http://127.0.0.1:8080 (28550)
  [2023-11-01 10:28:12 +0900] [28550] [INFO] Using worker: sync
  [2023-11-01 10:28:12 +0900] [28552] [INFO] Booting worker with pid: 28552
  [2023-11-01 10:28:12 +0900] [28553] [INFO] Booting worker with pid: 28553
  [2023-11-01 10:28:12 +0900] [28555] [INFO] Booting worker with pid: 28555
  [2023-11-01 10:28:12 +0900] [28558] [INFO] Booting worker with pid: 28558
  ...

There are many options to configure the server, refer to :ref:`Configure Server <configure-server>` for more details.

.. important:: 
  The server listens on http://localhost:5000 by default and only accepts
  connections from the local machine. To let the server accept connections

>   from other machines, you will need to pass ``--host 0.0.0.0`` to listen on

Reviewer: Can we mention that this is a required conf for deployment inside k8s / docker containers (generally)?

Author: Sure, adding real use case should help users (+ searchability)

  all network interfaces (or a specific interface address).

.. _logging_to_a_tracking_server:

Logging to a Tracking Server
============================

Once you started the tracking server, you can connect your local clients by set the ``MLFLOW_TRACKING_URI`` environment variable to the 
server's URI, along with its scheme and port (for example, ``http://10.0.0.1:5000``) or call :py:func:`mlflow.set_tracking_uri`.

The :py:func:`mlflow.start_run`, :py:func:`mlflow.log_param`, and :py:func:`mlflow.log_metric` calls
then make API requests to your remote tracking server.

  .. code-section::

    .. code-block:: python

        import mlflow

        remote_server_uri = "..."  # set to your server URI
        mlflow.set_tracking_uri(remote_server_uri)
        # Note: on Databricks, the experiment name passed to mlflow_set_experiment must be a

>         # valid path in the workspace

Reviewer: Can we add a fake User/<email>/path example so that Databricks Users will instantly recognize what this is referring to?

        mlflow.set_experiment("/my-experiment")
        with mlflow.start_run():
            mlflow.log_param("a", 1)
            mlflow.log_metric("b", 2)

>     .. code-block:: R

Reviewer: Java (or Scala, even better) example as well? :)

Author: Yup I can add it :)

        library(mlflow)
        install_mlflow()
        remote_server_uri = "..." # set to your server URI
        mlflow_set_tracking_uri(remote_server_uri)
        # Note: on Databricks, the experiment name passed to mlflow_set_experiment must be a
        # valid path in the workspace
        mlflow_set_experiment("/my-experiment")
        mlflow_log_param("a", "1")

.. _configure-server:

Configure Server
================
This section describes how to configure the tracking server for some common use cases. Please run ``mlflow server --help`` for the full list of command line options.

Backend Store
-------------
By default, the tracking server logs runs metadata to the local filesystem under ``./mlruns`` directory.
You can configure the different backend store by adding ``--backend-store-uri`` option:

Example
.. code-block:: bash

    mlflow server --backend-store-uri sqlite:///my.db

This will create a SQLite database ``my.db`` in the current directory, and logging requests from clients will be pointed to this database.

.. note::

>   If you are using SQL-based backend store, artifact store URI has to be specified otherwise the server will fail to start (because we can't store artifacts to SQL database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are using a SQL-based backend store, the artifact store URI has to be specified, otherwise the server will fail to start (because we can't store artifacts to a SQL database).
```

>   Refer to the section below to how to configure it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Refer to the section below for details on how to configure the artifact store URI when using a SQL-based backend store.
```
